Fix various issues in report templates (#788)
EmbedITCZ/jbehave-support: jbehave-support-core/docs/Known-issues.md

In case you encounter this behavior then a solution for this is to introduce some static wait before running the selector.

### Reports
#### Broken Reports when using JBehave parametrised test with Examples keyword at story level

> Our reports doesn't fully works with examples at story level. Report will be generated, but some features may be broken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our reports don't fully work with examples at story level. Report will be generated, but some features may be broken.
```

> If you wants to use it anyway please put it in Lifecycle, it will break narrative otherwise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you really do need to use it anyway please put it inside `Lifecycle`, otherwise it will break the narrative.
E.g.:
```
